This is a one-click Title VI equity analysis of a transit network, and this is a one-click
report based on real walktimes of the riders and jobs this system covers.
GTFS·X Planner makes it easy to plan new routes and stops, with jobs and potential
riders shown on the map.
Build a schedule based on real-world travel times between stops, and then, in one click,
estimate the operating costs, and determine who the route would serve.
Compare service alternatives side-by-side, and see, in minutes, which alternative wins
on cost, coverage, or equity.
It's a fraction of the cost of the big platforms, so skip the RFP and book a demo or enroll in
a free trial to start planning today.